Add subscription central info to Managing RH subscriptions (#3702)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_tracking-subscription-usage-by-using-the-subscriptions-service.adoc

[id="tracking-subscription-usage-by-using-the-subscriptions-service"]
= Tracking subscription usage by using the Subscriptions service

> You can configure your {ProjectServer} to report usage data to the Hybrid Cloud Console by enabling and adjusting the `foreman_rh_cloud` plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure your {ProjectServer} to report usage data to the {RHCloud} by enabling and adjusting the `foreman_rh_cloud` plugin.
```

ifndef::satellite[]
.Prerequisites
* Enable the `foreman_rh_cloud` plugin:
[subs="nowrap" subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# foreman-installer --enable-foreman-plugin-rh-cloud
----
endif::[]

Connected {Project}::

> Configure the `foreman_rh_cloud` plugin to share inventory information with the Hybrid Cloud Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the `foreman_rh_cloud` plugin to share inventory information with the {RHCloud}.
```

Ensure that the *Automatic Inventory Upload* setting is enabled.
The plugin enables the subscriptions service to track usage information across connected systems.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```
For proper formatting.

You can configure the plugin to omit data that is not needed for subscription tracking, such as host names and IP addresses.

Disconnected {Project}::
Export usage data in one of the following ways:

** Use the `foreman_rh_cloud` plugin to generate a report locally. 
You can download the report from the {ProjectWebUI}.  

> The report is in JSON format and is easily integrated for automated scripts or machine ingestion. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The report is in JSON format and is easily integrated for automated scripts or machine processing. 
```
"ingestion" sounds a bit off :)

You can generate this report by using CLI:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# foreman-rake rh_cloud_inventory:report:generate
----

** View product usage by running the *Host - Installed Products* report. 

> * Navigate to *Monitor* > *Reports* > *Report Templates*. 
> You can select the format that you want for the report. 
> YAML, JSON, HTML, and CSV formats are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
Navigate to *Monitor* > *Reports* > *Report Templates*. 
You can select the format that you want for the report. 
YAML, JSON, HTML, and CSV formats are supported.
```
No need for a sub-list.

[id="tracking-subscription-usage-by-using-the-subscriptions-service"]
= Tracking subscription usage by using the Subscriptions service

> You can configure your {ProjectServer} to report usage data to the {RHCloud} by enabling and adjusting the `foreman_rh_cloud` plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure your {ProjectServer} to report usage data to the {RHCloud} by using the `foreman_rh_cloud` plugin.
```
I'd go for a more general verb because you don't have to enable it in Satellite.

ifndef::satellite[]
.Prerequisites
* Enable the `foreman_rh_cloud` plugin:
[subs="nowrap" subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# foreman-installer --enable-foreman-plugin-rh-cloud
----
endif::[]

Connected {Project}::

> Configure the `foreman_rh_cloud` plugin to share inventory information with the {RHCloud}.

Author: Done!
